Now let us look at the example of recursive function, I have a recursive function here that is functions
fun which is taking parameter n.
and a recursive function is one which calls itself.
So this is callin itself.
So a function calling itself is called as recursion.
Now this is having value n but it is calling with N minus 1 so modifying the value so that at
one time it becomes less than or equal to zero.
So that function can stop calling itself.
So every recursive function must have some conditions so that it terminates after some calls, now  from the main
function I am passing 5 to this function fun.
Let us see what will be the output. see it is printing 5 4 3 2 1
So let us see how it is working so for that,
I'll put a break point here and I will run the program.
See here in the watch the value of n
you can see it is 5  than it has entered in 5 is greater than zero.
Yes it will print this from now it will come inside and print.
So if I continue execution then it will print 5 then it will call itself again, now again a new call.
So what is the value of.
N now that was 5 now it became 4, now it became 4.
Yes it has became 4,  now if we continue execution then let's see what happens.
Four is greater than zero.
So it will print four.
Then it will call itself again.
And now this time the value of n will be 3 because four minus one is a three, now the new call.
There's a new function called with the value of n as  three and three is greater than zero so it should
print  3 and call itself again with the three minus one and that is 2.
So let us continue execution, print 3 and call it self.
Tw, now the value of n has became two right, two.
So it is calling right, so now it will we two minus 1.
So it's going to be one if I continue execution, continue print 2, and call itself  again.
now the value of n has became one.
Yes.
1, it is still greater than zero, so it's going to print one then it will call itself again the one minus
one that is zero.
So i will continue execution it has printed one then it has call itself again with n value as zero now n is
is zero, zero is not greater than zero.
So zero will not be printed and it will not call itself again because this is inside the condition
because the condition is false so it will not enter inside.
So it will not call again this call will be done.
So let me continue execution.
Yeah.
It has come to the end the function.
Now watch carefully.
If I execute again, again it is coming back to the end of a function, again coming back, see it has called itself
total six times.
Five four three two one and zero.
So it called six times or six times and has to enter the function ending the function, ending the function.
Next now it has came back to the main function.
So that's it.
I'll stop this.
So this is how recursion works.
Now let me make some change in this function and show you the execution.
No let us write this print after the call, now let us see what is the output.
Remove the break point and I'll show you what is the output of this function.
So only the difference is that I have written Cout after the call so the output is one two three four
five.
So it is printed in the same order.
So how this is working.
I'll put a break point on F and I will run.  see the value of N..
That is five.
So it will enter inside condition is true so it will first line inside f.
See this is the first line inside.
If so it is calling itself again so it will call again itself the value four.
So now again it has came from here inside and the value of n is  4 and 4 is also greater
than zero.
So four is greater than zero so it will enter inside and the first line is four minus 1.
so again it will call itself.
So I will just make the calls.
Now the n values is 3, now n value is two, now the n value is 1.
Now see this, n value is 1 so 1 minus 1,  its going to make a call.
Again with the value is zero.
mow Again it is 0,  0 means it is not greater than zero so it will not end there inside if and it will not
call the function it will not call the function again and it will not print the value of n as zero it
will come out.
Now let me continue till come out.
Yes you can see that it has reached the end of the function.
Not if a continue.
You remember it was calling itself every time but it has not yet print n so it will go back to the
previous calls and start printing so it will go back to this called right .
Where you can see the value of n is what
1oh just now it was 0.
So it is in the previous call the previous call it was 1 and print 1.
That's it, it will go back to the previous call, so previous two this one it was two.
Now I can see that the value of n is
two, the value of n is  2.
Yes it is going to print 2,  it will print 2.
then go back to the previous call where the value of n was 3 now the  value of
n is 3 so it will print 3.
Yes let me continue to print the 3.
Yes again it will go back see at the end of the function it will go back now.
So the end the functions it will go back to the previous call where the value of n was four,  so it be printing
four. then again.
Previous call where the value was 5, so it will print 5.
That was the first call so it has returned till the fitrst call.
and Now back to the main function, that's all this is how a recursive function works. and recursive functions
are more similar to Loop  But these are more powerful than loop.
So at some places where the loops are not useful.
we Use recursion and sometimes we can use either recursion or we can use loop.
So recursion is better than writing loops but it is difficult for understanding it's working.
So once you spend some time on recursion and learn how to write them, then definitely that looks a lot easier
than writing loops.
So that's all about recursion.